update README with up to date installation commands. (#1601)
integr8ly/integreatly-operator: README.md

### Installed products

The operator installs the following products:

### managed

- AMQ Online
- AMQ Streams
- Codeready
- Fuse
- Nexus
- RHSSO (both a cluster instance, and a user instance)
- 3scale
- Integreatly solution explorer

### managed-api

- 3scale
- RHSSO (both a cluster instance, and a user instance)
- Marin3r

## Prerequisites

- [operator-sdk](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk) version v1.2.0.
- [go](https://golang.org/dl/) version 1.13.4+
- [moq](https://github.com/matryer/moq)
- [oc](https://docs.okd.io/latest/cli_reference/openshift_cli/getting-started-cli.html) version v4.6+
- Access to an Openshift v4.6.0+ cluster
- A user with administrative privileges in the OpenShift cluster

After installation, the following commands must be run to avoid a known issue related to the Moq package:
```shell
make code/compile
go install github.com/matryer/moq
```

## Using `ocm` for installation of RHMI

If you want to test your changes on a cluster, the easiest solution would be to spin up OSD 4 cluster using `ocm`.

> See [here](https://github.com/integr8ly/delorean/tree/master/docs/ocm) for an up to date guide on how to do this.

Reviewer: Would it be worth mentioning how much resources are needed on the cluster in order to install RHOAM? Just in order to prevent failed installs from lack of resources

Author: Yes, we can do that. I would keep it pretty simple though, just mention the vcpu and if you have a smaller cluster to use IN_PROW=true variable mentioned in the table in order to get a smaller installation. 👍

- 3scale
- RHSSO (both a cluster instance, and a user instance)
- Marin3r

## Prerequisites

- [operator-sdk](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk) version v1.2.0.
- [go](https://golang.org/dl/) version 1.13.4+
- [moq](https://github.com/matryer/moq)
- [oc](https://docs.okd.io/latest/cli_reference/openshift_cli/getting-started-cli.html) version v4.6+
- Access to an Openshift v4.6.0+ cluster
- A user with administrative privileges in the OpenShift cluster

After installation, the following commands must be run to avoid a known issue related to the Moq package:
```shell
make code/compile
go install github.com/matryer/moq
```

## Using `ocm` for installation of RHMI

If you want to test your changes on a cluster, the easiest solution would be to spin up OSD 4 cluster using `ocm`.
See [here](https://github.com/integr8ly/delorean/tree/master/docs/ocm) for an up to date guide on how to do this.

## Local Development
Ensure that the cluster satisfies minimal requirements: 
- RHMI (managed): 26 vCPU 
- RHOAM (managed-api): 18 vCPU. More details can be found in the [service definition](https://access.redhat.com/articles/5534341) 
  under the "Resource Requirements" section

> Consider using IN_PROW [optional variable](#variables-table) in case of git slimited resources.  

Author: ```suggestion
Consider using IN_PROW [optional variable](#variables-table) in case of limited resources.  

```

- [go](https://golang.org/dl/) version 1.13.4+
- [moq](https://github.com/matryer/moq)
- [oc](https://docs.okd.io/latest/cli_reference/openshift_cli/getting-started-cli.html) version v4.6+
- Access to an Openshift v4.6.0+ cluster
- A user with administrative privileges in the OpenShift cluster

After installation, the following commands must be run to avoid a known issue related to the Moq package:
```shell
make code/compile
go install github.com/matryer/moq
```

## Using `ocm` for installation of RHMI

If you want to test your changes on a cluster, the easiest solution would be to spin up OSD 4 cluster using `ocm`.
See [here](https://github.com/integr8ly/delorean/tree/master/docs/ocm) for an up to date guide on how to do this.

## Local Development

### 1. Clone the integreatly-operator
```sh
mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/github.com/integr8ly
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/integr8ly
git clone https://github.com/integr8ly/integreatly-operator
cd integreatly-operator
```

### 2. Prepare your cluster

If you are working against a fresh cluster it will need to be prepared using the following. 
Ensure you are logged into a cluster by `oc whoami`.

> Include the `INSTALLATION_TYPE`. Details [here](#variables-table)

Author: ```suggestion
Include the `INSTALLATION_TYPE`. See [here](#variables-table) about this and other optional configuration variables.
```

```shell
INSTALLATION_TYPE=<managed/managed-api> make cluster/prepare/local
```

### 3. Run integreatly-operator
Include the `INSTALLATION_TYPE` if you haven't already exported it. 
The operator can now be run locally:
```
INSTALLATION_TYPE=<managed/managed-api> make code/run
```

*Note:* if the operator doesn't find an RHMI cr, it will create one (Name: `rhmi/rhoam`).

### 4. Validate installation 

> Use following commands to validate that installation succeeded.

Author: Let's say what the expected outcome of the command would be for a successful installation

- Access to an Openshift v4.6.0+ cluster
- A user with administrative privileges in the OpenShift cluster

After installation, the following commands must be run to avoid a known issue related to the Moq package:
```shell
make code/compile
go install github.com/matryer/moq
```

## Using `ocm` for installation of RHMI

If you want to test your changes on a cluster, the easiest solution would be to spin up OSD 4 cluster using `ocm`.
See [here](https://github.com/integr8ly/delorean/tree/master/docs/ocm) for an up to date guide on how to do this.

## Local Development

### 1. Clone the integreatly-operator
```sh
mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/github.com/integr8ly
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/integr8ly
git clone https://github.com/integr8ly/integreatly-operator
cd integreatly-operator
```

### 2. Prepare your cluster

If you are working against a fresh cluster it will need to be prepared using the following. 
Ensure you are logged into a cluster by `oc whoami`.
Include the `INSTALLATION_TYPE` if you haven't already exported it. Options are: 
- managed (RHMI)
- managed-api (RHOAM)
```
INSTALLATION_TYPE=<managed/managed-api> make cluster/prepare/local
```

### 3. Configuration options

> `USE_CLUSTER_STORAGE` - true or false \

Author: Let's flesh out this section a table with some information about what each command does. We use these two heavily in local dev.

* BUILD_TOOL, default docker
* OLM_TYPE, default integreatly-operator

> Run the script  ./scripts/bundle-rhmi-opertors.sh

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run the script  ./scripts/bundle-rhmi-operators.sh
```

Author: @psturc I'm just looking at the sections I've removed above. We plan to put the variables into a table with the options so that covers the first section. But looking at the other sections of `Deploy the latest bundle version ` etc I'm not sure now that the script takes care of it all? We're trying to reduce the number of sections in the README so if these sections are still required, we could put them to another file perhaps. wdyt?

Reviewer 2: Yes, that sounds reasonable to me. 
Scripts probably deserve the documentation in the `scripts` folder. Maybe we could just link [that doc](https://github.com/integr8ly/integreatly-operator/tree/master/scripts#scripts) from the readme in root folder?

Reviewer 3: could we link the [doc](https://github.com/integr8ly/integreatly-operator/tree/master/scripts#scripts) here and add to that doc section with variables and details about them. As for this readme, the table with variables would just include `IN_PROW`, `USE_CLUSTER_STORAGE`, and `INSTALLATION_TYPE`. I was just thinking that it might be confusing to include all the variables into the same table as they consumed by different things (if I'm not mistaken)

Author: hmm. if it's documented in the scripts folder can we just move it there?
The goal is to reduce the number of sections in the README. If we are linking to the scripts README I would rather just mention that README rather than picking which scripts get the pleasure of being in the main README. wdyt?
